README.md, before:

# CARMIN Server

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/simon-dube/CARMIN-server.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/simon-dube/CARMIN-server)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/simon-dube/CARMIN-server/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://coveralls.io/github/simon-dube/CARMIN-server?branch=develop)

CARMIN-server is a lightweight server implementation of the [CARMIN API](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/CARMIN/carmin-common_api_for_research_medical_imaging_network/0.3)

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
  - [Database](#database)
  - [Installing Locally](#installing-locally)
  - [Installing with Docker](#installing-with-docker)
  - [Common Installation Problems](#common-installation-problems)
  	  - [pg_config](#pg_config)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [Authentication](#authentication)
  	  - [Creating Accounts](#creating-accounts)
  	  - [Changing Your Password](#changing-your-password)
  - [Uploading Data to the Server](#uploading-data-to-the-server)
  - [Getting Data from the Server](#getting-data-from-the-server)
  - [Adding a Pipeline](#adding-a-pipeline)
  - [Creating and Launching an Execution](#creating-and-launching-an-execution)
- [CARMIN API Specification](#carmin-api-specification)

## Installation

Before launching the server, environment variables must point to both the Pipeline directory and the Data directory. The pathname must be absolute.
```bash
$ # In a UNIX environment
$ export PIPELINE_DIRECTORY=/path/to/pipelines
$ export DATA_DIRECTORY=/path/to/data

> # In a Windows environment
> set PIPELINE_DIRECTORY=C:\path\to\pipelines
> set DATA_DIRECTORY=C:\path\to\data
```

For now, `CARMIN-server` only supports boutiques descriptors for pipelines. Your boutiques descriptors
must be placed inside a `boutiques` directory, as such:
```
└── pipelines
    └── boutiques
        ├── pipeline_descriptor_1.json
        └── pipeline_descriptor_2.json
```

### Database

By default, `CARMIN-server` uses a lightweight `sqlite` database that does not require any setup. `CARMIN-server` also natively supports a `postgres` database. If you'd like to use an external `postgres` database, simply set a `$DATABASE_URI` environment variable to point to the production database URL.
```bash
$ export DATABASE_URI=postgresql://user:password@localhost/carmin
```

### Installing Locally

To install and run the server locally, execute the following command from the root directory:
```bash
$ pip install .
$ python -m server
# If you are getting exceptions when running pip install, make sure that your
# virtualenv is configured.
# You can also run the command with the --user flag.
```

By default, the server will be running on port 8080.

Test that the server is running by executing the following command:

```bash
$ curl http://localhost:8080/platform
```

### Installing with Docker

To run carmin-server in a Docker container, execute the following command, again from the root directory:

```bash
docker build -t=carmin-server .
docker run -p 8080:8080 \
		   -v $PIPELINE_DIRECTORY:/carmin-assets/pipelines \
		   -v $DATA_DIRECTORY:/carmin-assets/data \
		   carmin-server
```

### External Data Storage with Datalad (Only tested on Linux)

Instead of hosting the server data locally, the CARMIN server data can also be treated as a Datalad dataset and be hosted on any git-annex remote properly setup. Next, you will find the required steps to setup a dataset for which the data will be hosted on a Google Drive with the dataset made accessible on GitHub. These steps were only tested on Linux. They may vary for other operating systems.

1. Install the latest version of git-annex. For instructions on how to install git-annex, refer to the [official documentation](http://git-annex.branchable.com/install/).
2. Install the develop branch of [git-annex-remote-googledrive](https://github.com/Lykos153/git-annex-remote-googledrive). The use of the develop branch is important as we will use a new feature that was not yet published to the master branch.
3. Open Google Drive using your Google account and create a folder anywhere. If you don't already have one, now is the time to create one.
3. Navigate to your `DATA_DIRECTORY` and launch a terminal.
4. From there, run the following commands:
```bash
datalad create 
```
This will create a dataset inside the DATA_DIRECTORY. In case of error, this is probably caused by the admin user folder that was created when you first launch the server. In this case, add the -f option for Datalad to create a dataset in a non-empty folder. 

```bash
git-annex-remote-googledrive setup
```
This command is used to setup the necessary files for git-annex to be able to setup a Google Drive as an annex. Simply navigate to the link provided, autheticate yourself with a the same Google account used earlier and enter the resulting string in the console as requested.

```bash
git annex initremote google type=external externaltype=googledrive root_id=[Created folder id] chunk=50MiB encryption=none mac=HMACSHA512
```
With this command, we now set Google Drive as a remote of our git-annex repository. Regarding the root_id, this corresponds to the path element located immediately after 'folders' when navigating to the folder you previously created in Google Drive.

```bash
datalad create-sibling-github --publish-depends google --access-protocol ssh [REPOSITORY_NAME]
```
This step creates a GitHub repository for which, when data will be published to it, the data will actually be pushed to the google remote. Although GitHub cannot contain the dataset data, used with other remotes, it can be used to distribute the dataset itself.

Finally, to indicate the CARMIN server to which remote the data should be published, namely the 'github' sibling (default name for the GitHub remote when using create-sibling-github), we must define the following environment variable:
```bash
export DATA_REMOTE_SIBLING=github
```

We are now ready to use our Google Drive external data storage with our CARMIN server.

### Common Installation Problems

#### pg_config

The server launch might fail due to a missing `pg_config` installation on the computer. To fix this, download `libpq-dev` using your distro's package manager. (On Red Hat and derived distributions, install `postgresql-devel`)

## Usage

CARMIN-server automatically creates an admin user with `admin` as username. The password is printed to the console upon launching the server for the first time.

You can get your `apiKey` by authenticating into the system:

### Authentication
```bash
curl -X "POST" "http://localhost:8080/authenticate" \
     -d $'{
  "username": "admin",
  "password": "[default-admin-password]"
}'

```

This request returns a `json` object containing the `apiKey` that will be required
for authenticated queries.

```json
{
  "httpHeader": "apiKey",
  "httpHeaderValue": "[secret-api-key]"
}
```

In subsequent requests, all we have to do is include the `apiKey` in the headers.

#### Creating Accounts

To add new users to the database, an admin must send a `POST` request at the `/users/register` endpoint. The admin must include both `username` and `password` in the request body.

Example:
```
curl -X "POST" "http://localhost:8080/users/register" \
     -H 'apiKey: [secret-api-key]' \
     -d $'{
  "username": "new-user",
  "password": "user-password"
}'
```

#### Changing Your Password

Passwords can be changed by sending a `POST` request to the `/users/edit` endpoint.
Admins can change passwords for any user, and regular users can only change their own. To change a user's password, an admin must include both the `username` and `password` in the request body. For a user to change his/her own password, only the `password` is required.

Example (Admin):
```
curl -X "POST" "http://localhost:8080/users/edit" \
     -H 'apiKey: [secret-admin-api-key]' \
     -d $'{
  "username": "some-user",
  "password": "new-password"
}'
```

Example (Regular User):
```
curl -X "POST" "http://localhost:8080/users/edit" \
     -H 'apiKey: [secret-api-key]' \
     -d $'{
  "password": "new-password"
}'
```

### Uploading Data to the Server
Let's add some data to the server with the `PUT /path/{completePath}` method:

```bash
curl -X "PUT" "http://localhost:8080/path/admin/new_user.txt" \
     -H 'apiKey: [secret-api-key]' \
     -d "Jane Doe"
```
The server should reply with a `201: Created` code, indicating that the resource was successfully
uploaded to the server.

### Getting Data from the Server

Now we can query the server to see if our file really exists:

```bash
curl "http://localhost:8080/path/admin/new_user.txt?action=properties" \
     -H 'apiKey: [secret-api-key]'
```

The server should return a `Path` object, which describes the resource that we uploaded:

```json
{
  "platformPath": "http://localhost:8080/path/admin/new_user.txt",
  "lastModificationDate": 1521740108,
  "isDirectory": false,
  "size": 8,
  "mimeType": "text/plain"
}
```

To see what the file contains, we can issue the same request, but replace the action
with `content`:

```bash
curl "http://localhost:8080/path/admin/new_user.txt?action=content" \
     -H 'apiKey: [secret-api-key]'
```

### Adding a pipeline

Without pipelines to execute, the server is not very useful. Let's change that.

Pipelines can be added to `CARMIN-server` simply by adding them to the directory at `PIPELINE_DIRECTORY`.
`CARMIN-server` supports [the boutiques schema](https://github.com/boutiques/boutiques) for its descriptors.

Thankfully, we have one handy to help you test out your server. `output.json` simply takes a file,
and copies the contents of the file to another file, just like the `cp` UNIX command.

Add this descriptor file in `$PIPELINE_DIRECTORY/boutiques`:
```json
{
    "command-line": "echo \"Welcome to CARMIN-Server, $(cat [INPUT_FILE]).\" &> [OUTPUT_FILE]",
    "container-image": {
        "image": "alpine",
        "type": "docker"
    },
    "description": "A simple script to test output files",
    "error-codes": [
        {
            "code": 2,
            "description": "File does not exist."
        }
    ],
    "inputs": [
        {
            "id": "input_file",
            "name": "Input file",
            "optional": false,
            "type": "File",
            "value-key": "[INPUT_FILE]"
        }
    ],
    "invocation-schema": {
        "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-04/schema#",
        "additionalProperties": false,
        "dependencies": {},
        "description": "Invocation schema for output.",
        "properties": {
            "input_file": {
                "type": "string"
            }
        },
        "required": [
            "input_file"
        ],
        "title": "output.invocationSchema",
        "type": "object"
    },
    "name": "output",
    "output-files": [
        {
            "id": "output_file",
            "name": "Output file",
            "path-template": "./greeting.txt",
            "path-template-stripped-extensions": [
                ".txt",
                ".mnc",
                ".cpp",
                ".m",
                ".j"
            ],
            "value-key": "[OUTPUT_FILE]"
        }
    ],
    "schema-version": "0.5",
    "tool-version": "1.0"
}

```

You will need to restart the server for the translation from Boutiques to CARMIN to happen.

Once that's done, issue a `GET /pipelines` request:

```bash
curl "http://localhost:8080/pipelines" \
     -H 'apikey: [secret-api-key]'

```

We should see `output.json`, translated in CARMIN format:
```json
[
  {
    "identifier": "[pipeline-identifier]",
    "name": "output",
    "version": "1.0",
    "description": "A simple script to test output files",
    "canExecute": true,
    "parameters": [
      {
        "id": "input_file",
        "name": "Input file",
        "type": "File",
        "isOptional": false,
        "isReturnedValue": false
      },
      {
        "id": "output_file",
        "name": "Output file",
        "type": "File",
        "isOptional": false,
        "isReturnedValue": true
      }
    ],
    "properties": {
      "boutiques": true
    },
    "errorCodesAndMessages": [
      {
        "errorCode": 2,
        "errorMessage": "File does not exist."
      }
    ]
  }
]
```

### Creating and Launching an Execution

We'd like to remotely execute this pipeline. To do this, we simply need to create an
execution, then launch it.

To create an execution, issue a `POST /executions` request, containing your input values:

```bash
curl -X "POST" "http://localhost:8080/executions" \
     -H 'apiKey: [secret-api-key]' \
     -d $'{
  "name": "my_first_execution",
  "pipelineIdentifier": "[pipeline-identifier]",
  "inputValues": {
    "input_file": "http://localhost:8080/path/admin/new_user.txt"
  }
}'

```

The server will then return a message, saying that the Execution was successfully created:

```
HTTP/1.0 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json
Content-Length: 256
Server: Werkzeug/0.14.1 Python/3.6.4
Date: Tue, 27 Mar 2018 02:21:33 GMT

{
  "identifier": "[execution-identifier]",
  "name": "my_first_execution",
  "pipelineIdentifier": "[pipeline-identifier]",
  "status": "Initializing",
  "inputValues": {
    "input_file": "http://localhost:8080/path/admin/new_user.txt"
  }
}
```

We're ready to launch the execution:

```bash
curl -X "PUT" "http://localhost:8080/executions/[execution-identifier]/play" \
     -H 'apikey: [secret-api-key]' \
```

And that's it! The execution has been launched. To see the results of an execution,
simply look in `http://localhost:8080/path/admin/executions/[execution-identifier]`.

## CARMIN API Specification

For a complete description of the server functionality, please refer to the [CARMIN API Specification](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/CARMIN/carmin-common_api_for_research_medical_imaging_network/0.3)

Commit message:

Removing all drop + README table of content add Datalad

README.md, after:

# CARMIN Server

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/simon-dube/CARMIN-server.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/simon-dube/CARMIN-server)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/simon-dube/CARMIN-server/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://coveralls.io/github/simon-dube/CARMIN-server?branch=develop)

CARMIN-server is a lightweight server implementation of the [CARMIN API](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/CARMIN/carmin-common_api_for_research_medical_imaging_network/0.3)

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
  - [Database](#database)
  - [Installing Locally](#installing-locally)
  - [Installing with Docker](#installing-with-docker)
  - [External Data Storage with Datalad (Only tested on Linux)](#external-data-storage-with-datalad-only-tested-on-linux)
  - [Common Installation Problems](#common-installation-problems)
  	  - [pg_config](#pg_config)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [Authentication](#authentication)
  	  - [Creating Accounts](#creating-accounts)
  	  - [Changing Your Password](#changing-your-password)
  - [Uploading Data to the Server](#uploading-data-to-the-server)
  - [Getting Data from the Server](#getting-data-from-the-server)
  - [Adding a Pipeline](#adding-a-pipeline)
  - [Creating and Launching an Execution](#creating-and-launching-an-execution)
- [CARMIN API Specification](#carmin-api-specification)

## Installation

Before launching the server, environment variables must point to both the Pipeline directory and the Data directory. The pathname must be absolute.
```bash
$ # In a UNIX environment
$ export PIPELINE_DIRECTORY=/path/to/pipelines
$ export DATA_DIRECTORY=/path/to/data

> # In a Windows environment
> set PIPELINE_DIRECTORY=C:\path\to\pipelines
> set DATA_DIRECTORY=C:\path\to\data
```

For now, `CARMIN-server` only supports boutiques descriptors for pipelines. Your boutiques descriptors
must be placed inside a `boutiques` directory, as such:
```
└── pipelines
    └── boutiques
        ├── pipeline_descriptor_1.json
        └── pipeline_descriptor_2.json
```

### Database

By default, `CARMIN-server` uses a lightweight `sqlite` database that does not require any setup. `CARMIN-server` also natively supports a `postgres` database. If you'd like to use an external `postgres` database, simply set a `$DATABASE_URI` environment variable to point to the production database URL.
```bash
$ export DATABASE_URI=postgresql://user:password@localhost/carmin
```

### Installing Locally

To install and run the server locally, execute the following command from the root directory:
```bash
$ pip install .
$ python -m server
# If you are getting exceptions when running pip install, make sure that your
# virtualenv is configured.
# You can also run the command with the --user flag.
```

By default, the server will be running on port 8080.

Test that the server is running by executing the following command:

```bash
$ curl http://localhost:8080/platform
```

### Installing with Docker

To run carmin-server in a Docker container, execute the following command, again from the root directory:

```bash
docker build -t=carmin-server .
docker run -p 8080:8080 \
		   -v $PIPELINE_DIRECTORY:/carmin-assets/pipelines \
		   -v $DATA_DIRECTORY:/carmin-assets/data \
		   carmin-server
```

### External Data Storage with Datalad (Only tested on Linux)

Instead of hosting the server data locally, the CARMIN server data can also be treated as a Datalad dataset and be hosted on any git-annex remote properly setup. Next, you will find the required steps to setup a dataset for which the data will be hosted on a Google Drive with the dataset made accessible on GitHub. These steps were only tested on Linux. They may vary for other operating systems.

1. Install the latest version of git-annex. For instructions on how to install git-annex, refer to the [official documentation](http://git-annex.branchable.com/install/).
2. Install the develop branch of [git-annex-remote-googledrive](https://github.com/Lykos153/git-annex-remote-googledrive). The use of the develop branch is important as we will use a new feature that was not yet published to the master branch.
3. Open Google Drive using your Google account and create a folder anywhere. If you don't already have one, now is the time to create one.
3. Navigate to your `DATA_DIRECTORY` and launch a terminal.
4. From there, run the following commands:
```bash
datalad create 
```
This will create a dataset inside the DATA_DIRECTORY. In case of error, this is probably caused by the admin user folder that was created when you first launch the server. In this case, add the -f option for Datalad to create a dataset in a non-empty folder. 

```bash
git-annex-remote-googledrive setup
```
This command is used to setup the necessary files for git-annex to be able to setup a Google Drive as an annex. Simply navigate to the link provided, autheticate yourself with a the same Google account used earlier and enter the resulting string in the console as requested.

```bash
git annex initremote google type=external externaltype=googledrive root_id=[Created folder id] chunk=50MiB encryption=none mac=HMACSHA512
```
With this command, we now set Google Drive as a remote of our git-annex repository. Regarding the root_id, this corresponds to the path element located immediately after 'folders' when navigating to the folder you previously created in Google Drive.

```bash
datalad create-sibling-github --publish-depends google --access-protocol ssh [REPOSITORY_NAME]
```
This step creates a GitHub repository for which, when data will be published to it, the data will actually be pushed to the google remote. Although GitHub cannot contain the dataset data, used with other remotes, it can be used to distribute the dataset itself.

Finally, to indicate the CARMIN server to which remote the data should be published, namely the 'github' sibling (default name for the GitHub remote when using create-sibling-github), we must define the following environment variable:
```bash
export DATA_REMOTE_SIBLING=github
```

We are now ready to use our Google Drive external data storage with our CARMIN server.

### Common Installation Problems

#### pg_config

The server launch might fail due to a missing `pg_config` installation on the computer. To fix this, download `libpq-dev` using your distro's package manager. (On Red Hat and derived distributions, install `postgresql-devel`)

## Usage

CARMIN-server automatically creates an admin user with `admin` as username. The password is printed to the console upon launching the server for the first time.

You can get your `apiKey` by authenticating into the system:

### Authentication
```bash
curl -X "POST" "http://localhost:8080/authenticate" \
     -d $'{
  "username": "admin",
  "password": "[default-admin-password]"
}'

```

This request returns a `json` object containing the `apiKey` that will be required
for authenticated queries.

```json
{
  "httpHeader": "apiKey",
  "httpHeaderValue": "[secret-api-key]"
}
```

In subsequent requests, all we have to do is include the `apiKey` in the headers.

#### Creating Accounts

To add new users to the database, an admin must send a `POST` request at the `/users/register` endpoint. The admin must include both `username` and `password` in the request body.

Example:
```
curl -X "POST" "http://localhost:8080/users/register" \
     -H 'apiKey: [secret-api-key]' \
     -d $'{
  "username": "new-user",
  "password": "user-password"
}'
```

#### Changing Your Password

Passwords can be changed by sending a `POST` request to the `/users/edit` endpoint.
Admins can change passwords for any user, and regular users can only change their own. To change a user's password, an admin must include both the `username` and `password` in the request body. For a user to change his/her own password, only the `password` is required.

Example (Admin):
```
curl -X "POST" "http://localhost:8080/users/edit" \
     -H 'apiKey: [secret-admin-api-key]' \
     -d $'{
  "username": "some-user",
  "password": "new-password"
}'
```

Example (Regular User):
```
curl -X "POST" "http://localhost:8080/users/edit" \
     -H 'apiKey: [secret-api-key]' \
     -d $'{
  "password": "new-password"
}'
```

### Uploading Data to the Server
Let's add some data to the server with the `PUT /path/{completePath}` method:

```bash
curl -X "PUT" "http://localhost:8080/path/admin/new_user.txt" \
     -H 'apiKey: [secret-api-key]' \
     -d "Jane Doe"
```
The server should reply with a `201: Created` code, indicating that the resource was successfully
uploaded to the server.

### Getting Data from the Server

Now we can query the server to see if our file really exists:

```bash
curl "http://localhost:8080/path/admin/new_user.txt?action=properties" \
     -H 'apiKey: [secret-api-key]'
```

The server should return a `Path` object, which describes the resource that we uploaded:

```json
{
  "platformPath": "http://localhost:8080/path/admin/new_user.txt",
  "lastModificationDate": 1521740108,
  "isDirectory": false,
  "size": 8,
  "mimeType": "text/plain"
}
```

To see what the file contains, we can issue the same request, but replace the action
with `content`:

```bash
curl "http://localhost:8080/path/admin/new_user.txt?action=content" \
     -H 'apiKey: [secret-api-key]'
```

### Adding a pipeline

Without pipelines to execute, the server is not very useful. Let's change that.

Pipelines can be added to `CARMIN-server` simply by adding them to the directory at `PIPELINE_DIRECTORY`.
`CARMIN-server` supports [the boutiques schema](https://github.com/boutiques/boutiques) for its descriptors.

Thankfully, we have one handy to help you test out your server. `output.json` simply takes a file,
and copies the contents of the file to another file, just like the `cp` UNIX command.

Add this descriptor file in `$PIPELINE_DIRECTORY/boutiques`:
```json
{
    "command-line": "echo \"Welcome to CARMIN-Server, $(cat [INPUT_FILE]).\" &> [OUTPUT_FILE]",
    "container-image": {
        "image": "alpine",
        "type": "docker"
    },
    "description": "A simple script to test output files",
    "error-codes": [
        {
            "code": 2,
            "description": "File does not exist."
        }
    ],
    "inputs": [
        {
            "id": "input_file",
            "name": "Input file",
            "optional": false,
            "type": "File",
            "value-key": "[INPUT_FILE]"
        }
    ],
    "invocation-schema": {
        "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-04/schema#",
        "additionalProperties": false,
        "dependencies": {},
        "description": "Invocation schema for output.",
        "properties": {
            "input_file": {
                "type": "string"
            }
        },
        "required": [
            "input_file"
        ],
        "title": "output.invocationSchema",
        "type": "object"
    },
    "name": "output",
    "output-files": [
        {
            "id": "output_file",
            "name": "Output file",
            "path-template": "./greeting.txt",
            "path-template-stripped-extensions": [
                ".txt",
                ".mnc",
                ".cpp",
                ".m",
                ".j"
            ],
            "value-key": "[OUTPUT_FILE]"
        }
    ],
    "schema-version": "0.5",
    "tool-version": "1.0"
}

```

You will need to restart the server for the translation from Boutiques to CARMIN to happen.

Once that's done, issue a `GET /pipelines` request:

```bash
curl "http://localhost:8080/pipelines" \
     -H 'apikey: [secret-api-key]'

```

We should see `output.json`, translated in CARMIN format:
```json
[
  {
    "identifier": "[pipeline-identifier]",
    "name": "output",
    "version": "1.0",
    "description": "A simple script to test output files",
    "canExecute": true,
    "parameters": [
      {
        "id": "input_file",
        "name": "Input file",
        "type": "File",
        "isOptional": false,
        "isReturnedValue": false
      },
      {
        "id": "output_file",
        "name": "Output file",
        "type": "File",
        "isOptional": false,
        "isReturnedValue": true
      }
    ],
    "properties": {
      "boutiques": true
    },
    "errorCodesAndMessages": [
      {
        "errorCode": 2,
        "errorMessage": "File does not exist."
      }
    ]
  }
]
```

### Creating and Launching an Execution

We'd like to remotely execute this pipeline. To do this, we simply need to create an
execution, then launch it.

To create an execution, issue a `POST /executions` request, containing your input values:

```bash
curl -X "POST" "http://localhost:8080/executions" \
     -H 'apiKey: [secret-api-key]' \
     -d $'{
  "name": "my_first_execution",
  "pipelineIdentifier": "[pipeline-identifier]",
  "inputValues": {
    "input_file": "http://localhost:8080/path/admin/new_user.txt"
  }
}'

```

The server will then return a message, saying that the Execution was successfully created:

```
HTTP/1.0 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json
Content-Length: 256
Server: Werkzeug/0.14.1 Python/3.6.4
Date: Tue, 27 Mar 2018 02:21:33 GMT

{
  "identifier": "[execution-identifier]",
  "name": "my_first_execution",
  "pipelineIdentifier": "[pipeline-identifier]",
  "status": "Initializing",
  "inputValues": {
    "input_file": "http://localhost:8080/path/admin/new_user.txt"
  }
}
```

We're ready to launch the execution:

```bash
curl -X "PUT" "http://localhost:8080/executions/[execution-identifier]/play" \
     -H 'apikey: [secret-api-key]' \
```

And that's it! The execution has been launched. To see the results of an execution,
simply look in `http://localhost:8080/path/admin/executions/[execution-identifier]`.

## CARMIN API Specification

For a complete description of the server functionality, please refer to the [CARMIN API Specification](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/CARMIN/carmin-common_api_for_research_medical_imaging_network/0.3)
